So long, farewell OIS 2014; welcome OIS 2015!

Dear members,

As the year draws to a close and I reflect on the journey that we have
taken together as a student community, one achievement stands out above
all: the growing enthusiasm and participation. Over the past year our team
- Abhishek, Amit, Devendra, Medha, Sadia, Shriman, Sudakshina, Ullash and
Vanya has worked very hard to deliver a packed OIS calendar with 24
quality events.

Thanks to your support we were able to host a wide array of events: social
get-togethers like the Bollywood BOP, Holi celebrations, screening of
election results to cultural events like musical concerts. Your
encouragement enabled our committee to introduce events like the Indian
Formal Hall (held at Merton this year), initiate Aasha - a platform to
promote young artists to raise funds for Indian charities and get the
student community involved in fundraising for India in ingenious ways such
as the Diwali Dinner at Corpus Christi where we helped raise close to
Â£3000.

The culmination of elections for the coming year also brings my personal
journey as the OIS President to an end. I think for me the last year with
OIS has been one of the most humbling, exciting and rewarding (and some
times stressful) experiences of my life.

I hope that you would continue to support the OIS. The incoming committee
has some excellent ideas and I would urge all of you to participate and get
involved in the society and its events. On behalf of the outgoing
committee, I would like to introduce the new committee and wish them the
very best for 2015

 President: Anjul Khadria
 Secretary: Dhruti Babariya
 Treasurer: Niharika Gurram
 Contact: Arghya Modak, Nikhil Nair, Pranoy Raul, Shifali Shishodia
 Events: Mandvi Dogra, Arvind K Jain, Madhav Kumar
 Systems: Vishal Maingi, Ashish Thandavan
 Publicity: Sounak Sahu, Varshita Sher, Ritesh Tibrewal
 Sports: Pranav Lokin, Devendra Meena

We would also like to invite everyone to the general meeting with the new
committee on
 Sunday, 23 Nov 2014; 7pm; Saskatchewan Room, Exeter College

Regards
Hem Borker
OIS President 2014
