Bollywood Bop is TOMORROW! [Friday 14 Nov, 9pm, The Varsity Club, High Street, Oxford]

Dear members,

* Bollywood Bop is TOMORROW!
* Music Concert by tabla player Shahbaz Hussain + Tanya Wells [15 Nov, 7pm]
* Radical Extremes: Questioning Contemporary Indian Politics

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Bollywood Bop is TOMORROW!

The biggest Indian event of the term is tomorrow. Put on your cheesiest
Bollywood costume and come for a night of dancing with Hindi songs! The
only time of the term when you will find Bollywood music blasting off in a
club in Oxford till 3am is back!

Entry is £4 (university ID card required, guests allowed). We open the
doors at 9pm, and finish at 3am.

Drinks will be at happy hour prices till midnight.

See the poster at
http://posters.oxfordindiasociety.org.uk/20141114_bollywood-bop

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Music Concert by tabla player Shahbaz Hussain + Tanya Wells [15 Nov, 7pm]

There is a music concert this Saturday 15 November at 7pm by the
world-renowned tabla player Shahbaz Hussain and the singer/songwriter Tanya
Wells.

Location: Wadham Chapel
Time: 15 November 2014, 7pm
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/events/954471097901454/?fref=ts

Tickets £7 through tigmus.com. The tickets are being sold on a pledge based
system, where the gig only happens once enough people pledge to pay the
artists. So 'tig' for a ticket straight away!

[Details]

Tigmus, working with Oxford Pakistan Society and Oxford India Society ,
bring an amazing line up to Oxford featuring world-renowned tabla player
Shahbaz Hussain (Tabla Maestro) and the amazing singer/songwriter Tanya
Wells.

Shahbaz Hussain is regarded as one of the leading tabla virtuosos of his
generation. He has received numerous accolades for his captivating
performances, including receiving the prestigious “Son of Lahore” Award
from the Government of Pakistan in 2008.

Shahbaz began his grooming in the art of tabla at age five with his father,
the late Ustad Mumtaz Hussain – a prominent vocalist.

Shahbaz is an extremely versatile tabla player. He has mastered all the
imperative traditional skills as well as the ability to project those
skills to more contemporary styles. His solo performances have gained great
recognition all over the world. He is also much sought after for his
accompaniment skills by many of the great masters musicians of India &
Pakistan.

Shahbaz regularly travels across the world to present performances,
including throughout Europe, North America & the Asian subcontinent. He has
performed in many prestigious venues, including the Smithsonian Institute
in Washington D.C., Lincoln Center in New York and London's Royal Albert &
Queen Elizabeth Halls. His band, Indus, has received critical acclaim for
their debut album Firefly and they continue to tour the UK &
internationally.

Shahbaz will be joined by Tanya Wells. Tanya's musical inspirations span
far and wide...from American folk / blues / jazz to Indian classical music
and Sufiana Qalam.

Her nomadic upbringing has allowed her to express herself in culturally
diverse ways: She sings in Indian languages. Fundamentally, she's always on
the ear-out for heart-pumping soul music.

REMEMBER TO TIG THIS SHOW ON THE TIGMUS WEBSITE .. IT NEEDS SUPPORT TO GO AHEAD!
www.tigmus.com

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Radical Extremes: Questioning Contemporary Indian Politics

The Oxford India Centre for Sustainable Development (Somerville College)
and South Asia Research Cluster (Wolfson College) present two talks by
former Maoist and labour historian Dilip Simeon on contemporary radical
politics in India, covering both the extreme left and the right.

Talk I: The Broken Middle: the problem of Indian Nationalism
 (5.30-6.30pm, 13th November 2014, Old College Bar, Somerville College |
 Followed by drinks reception)

Talk II: Questioning Political Violence
 (5.30-6.30pm, 14th November 2014, Wolfson College)

Dilip Simeon was part of the Maoist movement in India, which he left in
1972 in wake of the Bangladesh crisis. From 1974 till 1994 he taught
history at Delhi University and conducted extensive research on the
politics of labour and coal mining in India. Dilip has been a visiting
fellow at Princeton, Sussex, Chicago and Leiden. He is currently Centenary
Visiting Fellow at the School of African and Oriental Studies (SOAS),
London. His semi-autobiographic novel Revolution Highway (Penguin, 2010)
has recently been translated into Hindi.

See the poster at:
http://data.oxfordindiasociety.org.uk/external/simeon-contemporary-indian-politics.pdf
