OIS Elections: Hustings [Sun 23 Nov 7-10pm, Exeter College]; Hult prize

Dear members,

The nominations for the OIS Elections of 2015 are in! We are having a
general meeting with the prospective candidates on Sunday so that you can
get to know the people you are voting for in person.

Location: Saskatchewan Room, Exeter College
Time: Sunday, 23 Nov 2014, 7-10pm

You can read about the candidates at
http://elections.oxfordindiasociety.org.uk/2015

Voting will open at midnight on Sunday, 23 Nov 2014. We will send another
email with the instructions to vote.

Regards
Team OIS

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calling all Oxford students to participate in the 2015 HULT Prize [20 Nov deadline]

In partnership with President Clinton and the Clinton Global Initiative,
the Hult Prize Foundation has created the worldâ€™s largest student movement
& crowd-sourcing platform dedicated to solving the most pressing social
challenges on the planet (www.hultprize.org).

This year, the Hult Prize is committed to empowering students around the
globe to create solutions to the challenge of Early Childhood Education in
Slums.

Oxford has been chosen to hold its own campus event and elect a winner that
will by-pass the 11,000 applications and proceed straight to the Regional
Finals. The campus event will take place on 29th November from 1-5 pm at
Said Business School (SBS), in front of a panel of executives, scholars,
non-profit leaders and social entrepreneurs.

Registration (http://www.hultprizeat.com/oxford) for the Campus final will
close on 20th Nov. Please see attachment for full details of the
competition.

We also invite you follow us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/hultatoxford) or
Twitter (https://twitter.com/HultPrizeOxford) to get the latest updates.

Preceding the Oxford Campus finals, we are hosting a series of talks
focusing on different aspects of this year's Hult Challenge. The talks will
be held on the 6th, 10th and 19th of Nov from 6-7pm at SBS. Details for the
talks can be found at
http://data.oxfordindiasociety.org.uk/external/Hult-Prize-2015-Oxford.pdf

Sincerely,
The Hult Prize Team at the University of Oxford
